#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cattrs
    #   jsii
aws-cdk.assets==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
aws-cdk.aws-apigateway==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-eks
aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
aws-cdk.aws-codebuild==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.aws-codecommit==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws_codepipeline==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.aws_codepipeline_actions==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.aws_codestar==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
aws-cdk.aws_codestarconnections==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
aws-cdk.aws-cognito==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-ec2==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.aws_ecr==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-ecs==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
aws-cdk.aws-efs==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws_eks==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
aws-cdk.aws-events==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.aws-events-targets==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
aws-cdk.aws-globalaccelerator==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-iam==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.aws-kinesis==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
aws-cdk.aws-kms==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
aws-cdk.aws-lambda==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.lambda-layer-awscli
    #   aws-cdk.lambda-layer-kubectl
aws-cdk.aws-logs==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-route53==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-s3==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codestar
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.aws-sam==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-signer==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-sns==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
aws-cdk.aws-sqs==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
aws-cdk.aws-ssm==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-eks
aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
aws-cdk.cloud-assembly-schema==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.cx-api
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.core==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codestar
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codestarconnections
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.lambda-layer-awscli
    #   aws-cdk.lambda-layer-kubectl
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.custom-resources==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
aws-cdk.cx-api==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
aws-cdk.lambda-layer-awscli==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-eks
aws-cdk.lambda-layer-kubectl==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.aws-eks
aws-cdk.pipelines==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
aws-cdk.region-info==1.107.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.core
boto3==1.18.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
botocore==1.21.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cattrs==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsii
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
constructs==3.3.97
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codestar
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.lambda-layer-awscli
    #   aws-cdk.lambda-layer-kubectl
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
idna==3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsii==1.30.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codestar
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codestarconnections
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.cx-api
    #   aws-cdk.lambda-layer-awscli
    #   aws-cdk.lambda-layer-kubectl
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
    #   aws-cdk.region-info
    #   constructs
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
publication==0.0.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codestar
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codestarconnections
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.cx-api
    #   aws-cdk.lambda-layer-awscli
    #   aws-cdk.lambda-layer-kubectl
    #   aws-cdk.pipelines
    #   aws-cdk.region-info
    #   constructs
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   jsii
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
s3transfer==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   boto3
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   python-dateutil
typing-extensions==3.10.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsii
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
